Text description provided by the architects. A black box device recording chronicles of private life and playing hide and seek amidst the woods.Save this picture!© Aldo LanziSave this picture!© Aldo LanziA prefab cabin gently camouflages itself into the wooden landscapes of La Juanita, a seaside community in the eastern shores of Uruguay. A seasonal retreat, intimate and comfortable, comprised of twin boxed modules mirrored in their geometry. Materially hiding in plain sight but, at the same time, bringing the feeling of the landscape to its inner surfaces. Assembled in a factory in Montevideo and transported ready for use to its resting place on a clearing in the woods.Save this picture!© Aldo LanziSave this picture!© Aldo LanziOne module for privacy and one for social life, generously opening themselves to the outside and inviting the surroundings into its spaces. Interacting only through a self-effacing transparent connection, built on site, serving as both an access medium and a small glimpse into the inner goings of domesticity.Save this picture!© Aldo LanziText description provided by the architects. A black box device recording chronicles of private life and playing hide and seek amidst the woods.A prefab cabin gently camouflages itself into the wooden landscapes of La Juanita, a seaside community in the eastern shores of Uruguay. A seasonal retreat, intimate and comfortable, comprised of twin boxed modules mirrored in their geometry. Materially hiding in plain sight but, at the same time, bringing the feeling of the landscape to its inner surfaces. Assembled in a factory in Montevideo and transported ready for use to its resting place on a clearing in the woods.One module for privacy and one for social life, generously opening themselves to the outside and inviting the surroundings into its spaces. Interacting only through a self-effacing transparent connection, built on site, serving as both an access medium and a small glimpse into the inner goings of domesticity.