South Villa is a five-story penthouse in the award-winning Clifton Terraces apartments on Victoria Road, Cape Town. Its elevated position on the iconic Lion's Head takes in extravagant ocean views and local landmarks such as Table Mountain and Clifton's pristine beaches. The building mimics the existing contours of the site, sensitively ensuring that the views from neighboring sites were unaffected or even improved. The interior décor and interior architecture, by ARRCC and OKHA, has stylistic connections to the style moderne movement of the Art Deco period of the 1920s and 30s.Each apartment effortlessly binds state-of-the-art technologies into the fabric of its functionality and existence with 24/7 security, services, and amenities that afford a lock-up-and-go lifestyle for summer or all-year-round living . Through the seamlessly integrated home automation system, almost any aspect of the villa can be remotely controlled and personalized, including the lift, pool and Wi-Fi. "What started out as a normal interior architecture brief quickly evolved into my passion project with a focus on coupling global design and South African art and craftsmanship," says the international client. The client felt it was a natural choice to work with ARRCC and OKHA on re-imagining South Villa's interior architecture and interior design respectively. “SAOTA, ARRCC and OKHA are each thought leaders in their own rights and as a group, their skills and strengths are even further compounded,” he adds.Entering Clifton Terraces via its stone-clad reception area, a private lift ascends six levels to the penthouse and opens to a hallway featuring a full panel of Fantasy marble before reaching the private lobby of the penthouse. Here, a provocative layering of oak and brass inlay accents, together with charcoal gray ribbed timber skirting converge in a backlit slab of Verde Fume Onice Onyx beneath a hadow skylight and LED-lit walls. Exiting the lift into South Villa, a classic clad steel mesh door leads into a double volume living area that features warm bronze and glass installations such as the feature staircase. ARRCC director Jon Case says, “Classical wall detailing has been given new life with a contemporary color pallet introducing moody grays, deep blues and textured green finishes.” The living area in turn opens onto a 150 sqm terrace that boasts a raised rectangular heated pool that affords 360-degree, year-round views of Clifton and Table Mountain.ARRCC used a classic ribbed wall paneling in a rich dark green in the master bedroom which, together with wooden flooring, echo the Cape pines that frame the windows facing Camps Bay. The custom bed with multi-paneled headboard in Oak and French cane, broad, low armchair in rich green velvet and marble-topped timber side tables are all custom-made by OKHA. The en-suite master bathroom, where French cane bronze mirrors and oak are combined with wall-to-wall slabs of Bianco Carrara marble, provides a vibrant backdrop to the dramatic and moody master bedroom. SAOTA, ARRCC and OKHA have matched luxury with maturity and sophistication in a statement that enriches the conversation about the possibilities of contemporary design.