Text description provided by the architects. The intention was to create a play of spaces and creating dialogues in between which will create memories in future for the client like a home is supposed to do. For inspiration, traditional way of housing in our region was considered. Every traditional house is simple, compact and adequate. So, that philosophy was taken into count while designing this house as well as the client’s approach towards life. The plan was done as a very simple and adequate manner and the form of the building tried to mimic the client’s persona. The structure is a machine which will perform as per its need and will create memories along the way with time.A home is a place where everyone feels content, happy and close to each other. A home is an inviting place. In this project, upon entering the house, after crossing the portico, one enters to a grand living room which is a double height space; which is open towards the other public functions of the house. The space quality is such that it feels grand and inviting at the very same time. It is a delightful relief for the dwellers coming home after a long day at work or a pleasant surprise for the person visiting the house for the first time.To let the spaces unfold naturally, the formal living room, dining, pantry is part of a free flowing space. The transition of public, semi public and private space is maintained vertically. The first floor is allocated for the client’s two daughters. They can take a sneak peek in to the living room while enjoying the space along the stairs from their level too. The dialogue between the living room and the shared space at first floor is an open one. The second floor is designed exclusively just for the client which can work as an independent unit equipped with everything needed. This floor contains the client’s master bedroom, closet, master bathroom, a family living room, a kitchenette, a powder room and a store. There’s a lush green porch in front of the master bedroom which works as the reliever from all the stresses of the hectic life outside. This garden works as the transitional point which invites the nature inside the building. There are two stairs to reach to the third floor. One stair starts from the family living and ends at common area on the third floor while the other from the garden is a spiritual journey through the nature to cleanse one’s mind from the chaos of life outside home. The study has a beautiful refreshing view of the garden which helps to broaden up the mind from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. The whole design was done to create an inviting, homely environment for the clients where they would create the memories of a lifetime. Two dominant voids one in the interior and other in the exterior creates a balance of nature and haven in the structure.