Text description provided by the architects. Taking over a non-descript high-rise building in central Hanoi, G8A propose to stack four horizontal Agoras in order to create a fresh interconnected co-working typology. Each platform linked by a vertical chasm of light creating a visual connection and common sensitivity between the different floors.Here G8A and Toong propose an energetic diversity of program distributed over the different floors, enhancing the contrasts and tinting the space with an iridescent atmosphere. The materials reveal themselves in nuanced shades of color and light, the shimmering transparency evoking smooth and continuous movement. Users are able to meander between the espresso bar, events hall, debate booth, conversation corner, concept library, digital rest-space…all in easy connection to their central working area.In order to generate fluid exchange between the levels, a carpet of colored glass booths fill the open platforms, becoming the active space of the creative working environment. These iridescent booth structures allow the transparency of natural light and simultaneously offers the users the possibility of privacy or opportunity of interaction. This innovative proposition reflects a malleable environment rarely presented in co-working spaces that are often divided into condensed hot-desks or isolated office-boxes. Surrounding the central active space are studios of varied dimensions, offering the possibility of a more focused environment, completing the narrative of place.Opaque, translucent and clear glass partitions are used to encourage dilation and take advantage of the natural light without compromising the privacy of the closed studios spaces. G8A previously explored the communicative typologies of co-working space for the Jungle Station project of Ho Chi Minh City. The design presented green platforms interconnected by lateral voids and vegetation. This proposal gives a new design solution to the G8A exploration of co-working environment, offering four multi-colored platforms unified by a single luminous atrium.