Text description provided by the architects. House Z is a project developed on a land of 299.80 square meters, which belongs to a condominium of two (02) properties. The main lot is 1270 sqm and both lots share a common area of 10 sqm, designed as the pedestrian entry for them. The program is developed on two levels, being the first one of 120.64 sqm, and the second one of 121.87 sqm ceiling area.Formal and functionally different house environments are distributed on an L shaped plant which helps configure a central space where the terrace, pool, grill, and a large percentage of green area are located. The concept of the house intends to maintain all the social such as private environments on the first and second level with a visual registry towards the central space.The first level has all the social environments (living room, dining room and family room) connected between each other, having the kitchen as main axis for them. The kitchen has an orchard generated by the recess of the rear facade, which in addition enlightens ventilates/aerates it. The free area on the first level is shaped in its majority by green areas, having a terrace and a grill area, preceded by the pool. Between the kitchen and the dining room you find the services core, which consists of a laundry, a deposit, and a service bathroom: all spaces aerated and lighted by a double height duct.The vertical circulation communicates the first and second house levels and is located between the kitchen and dining room. The staircase leads to a family room with a desk area, which is aerated and lighted by a double height duct as well. This space communicates, on one way, with the main bedroom, and on the other to a shared walk in closet which is lighted and aerated by the rear facade recess, and it allows access to two secondary bedrooms. Each one of these bedrooms has access to a shared bathroom located in between both.
          The main bedroom is located on the second level’s right wing, from which you appreciate a privileged view of all the exterior environments of the house. This bedroom also has a walk in closet and a bathroom which are lighted and aerated through skylights. Structurally, the project is developed with concrete columns, plates and slabs, while the partition is masonry.The house expression contemplates stone floors for the terrace, micro cement for the wall which extends to the living and dining room, and on the house interior high traffic PVC floor with a wooden-like finish. The kitchen shares the same floor as the rest of the house.Finally, the backsplash contemplates a micro cement finish, and the boards are made of quartz both on the countertops and on the island.