Text description provided by the architects. Focal Point- In the middle of lush pine forest. The Lakehouse, which was designed by Lukie Widya with his design firm: LUWIST, applies a modern-contemporary architectural style that blends harmoniously with the natural surroundings. The mass of the main building consists of three floors and is covered with exposed terracotta brick material which becomes the focal point as an interpretation of the furnace: a warm media when the cold air matches the Bogor climate itself. With steel construction, the shape of the building is stretched to create a space experience - united with the existing atmosphere, to create an embracing gesture with the forest.As the main restaurant in  Pesona Alam Resort area, The Lakehouse applies a different concept on each floor. 1st floor, intended for a gathering area that is equipped with a sunken seating area. The 2nd floor is a bar area, while the 3rd floor is surrounded by a glass roof intended for private events because it has a roomy view of the pine forest.Dramatic Composition in edge of Lake. This pine forest area is a recharged zone, so that it has a Basic Building Coefficient (KDB – Government rules for green zone area ) of 5%. Also, the distance between trees is relatively tight, so that the solution LUWIST looks for the footprint area with the distance between tree, that is relatively far to obtain the mass of buildings that are between the trees.In response to government regulations for infiltration areas, the idea was to design an artificial lake which was originally a basin that always floods when it rains, which is at the lowest elevation. When entering the restaurant area, the lake becomes the main view after people walk through the forest. The atmosphere of the lake becomes more alive because it is equipped with a sunken seating area, which allows visitors to interact more closely with the water element. As a hardscape element, the existence of this lake makes the scale of the building to be friendly with contoured forest topography.The composition of the placement of The Lakehouse creates a dramatic impression. Through a combination of slick masses clad in exposed terracotta brick and artificial lakes, and integration of the fulfillment of the function of regional needs and architectural response is created, forming an organic gesture of the entire designated area.