Text description provided by the architects. The main object of this project is the energetic renovation of the Paul Heraud High School in Gap , France , in order to reduce by 50% the energetic consumptions and to get the gold level for the BDM label . Last November, we obtained this BDM label gold level for the realization phase . In addition to the initial program , The project dealt with the compliance upgrade for disabled persons and safety of the site , especially with the reorganization of the fore court and the entrance .The compliance upgrade for safety was established by the Region during the study of the project ( APD phase ) further to the Nice attacks .This operation was used for the definition of the Region reference document concerning the schools safety . All the buildings are involved in this operation . It includes general education functions , technical education for cars and heavy trucks mechanics with a driving plateau , a gymnasium , a restaurant , the administration offices and the staff accommodation .The main works of energetic renovation consisted in reinforcing the building envelope ‘s thermal performances , in the same time for the façade , roof and attic , and high flooring of the crawl space . In order to do this , the exterior thermal insulation was reinforced and a solar protection adapted for each façade was created.This program gives a greater place to the use of bio-based materials especially employed for insulation . Added to this , we offer main transformations for some premises such as the school library , the gymnasium cloakroom with the body-building room ,whose works allow both the energetic renovation and compliance upgrade for disabled persons . The new lay out of the forecourt , in addition with the compliance upgrade for disabled persons and safety of the site, aims to reconsider the entrance .The architectural and landscape party involves making use of the site coverage with the creation of a pedestrian space and a high canopy above the new lodge and a bike shed which shows the entrance to the public . The high canopy can be used as a waiting , talking and meeting space . It is located in a central position and it is scooped –out to the level of the two existing centenary cedars . As a key element of the composition , this canopy shows the entrance and offers a visual access as far as the high schoolyard and the far away landscape.The underface treatment of this canopy extends in the hall entrance up to the high schoolyard . Its expanded metal coating , champagne coloured , is the common thread from the main access to the buildings entrances . The canopy was realized with a wood structure in laminated timber with a grey wainscot in such a way as to guarantee a tint stability of the work throughout the time . This same material is used as a solar protection , both vertical and horizontal , for the façades of the buildings . The volumes , for the lodge and the bike shed , are covered with a facing expanded metal , champagne coloured which covers the façades of buildings A and B as well.There is some touch in fanlight and apron wall of window , following the morse code .These elements create a rythm on façades of the existing buildings . In order to get an homogeneity in the treatment and a common reading for all the buildings , in spite of the strong slope of the site , the ground level is covered with a mineral facing Eternit . The spatial composition uses the street furniture like benches and flowers display compartments to structure meeting exterior spaces , for example the sas space under the two existing cedars and the future canopy . This cover creates a privacy space , highlighted with seats and platforms.