Text description provided by the architects. The white pavilion was designed to work as a temporary cafe and multifunctional venue for an interior design fair in Novo Hamburgo, Brazil. Divided in two zones, the project has a closed area with the cafe facilities and an outdoor living space.Save this picture!© MARCELO DONADUSSISave this picture!© MARCELO DONADUSSIThe main concept was to create a light and minimalist atmosphere by mixing natural materials as wood and marble with glass and white tiles. The outdoor curtains create a visual filter and add movement to the monolithic volume while guarating unity by surrounding its 3 main facades. A 12m long marble plan works as background to the project and makes reference to modern architecture. Known as ‘rainbow marble,’ the brazilian stone add color and contrasts with the neutral material pallet.Save this picture!© MARCELO DONADUSSISave this picture!SectionsSave this picture!© MARCELO DONADUSSIAll the woodwork and furniture were also designed by Arquitetura Nacional. A big shared table works as the central piece of the cafe, while smaller tables permit more flexible uses on the outdoor area.Save this picture!© MARCELO DONADUSSIText description provided by the architects. The white pavilion was designed to work as a temporary cafe and multifunctional venue for an interior design fair in Novo Hamburgo, Brazil. Divided in two zones, the project has a closed area with the cafe facilities and an outdoor living space.The main concept was to create a light and minimalist atmosphere by mixing natural materials as wood and marble with glass and white tiles. The outdoor curtains create a visual filter and add movement to the monolithic volume while guarating unity by surrounding its 3 main facades. A 12m long marble plan works as background to the project and makes reference to modern architecture. Known as ‘rainbow marble,’ the brazilian stone add color and contrasts with the neutral material pallet.All the woodwork and furniture were also designed by Arquitetura Nacional. A big shared table works as the central piece of the cafe, while smaller tables permit more flexible uses on the outdoor area.