The project demanded a certain language that would reflect the likings and living style of the family. For concept and visualization, the designers started by questioning, 'in what lies the essence of a home', and in doing so, developed a project that is unique and has a distinct design language. The client's ideologies and the designers' conception found common grounds over luxurious setting involving pertinent elements. Every space is translated towards this vision and functionality towards individuals. The residence for 4 people of two generations; seems to provide all the elements in right balance as to support the vision of providing luxury, which is balanced with efficient practices to channelize the pragmatic lifestyle.Functionalities Detailed: Elevations: The play of solid blocks forming voids at different levels is seen at the first glance of the house. The scarlet color in contrast with the shades of gray gives the house its name "Scarlet House". The uniquely designed elevations make way for play of light and shadow. The grills enhance aesthetical appearance of the house giving a visual treat. Vestibule (Ground Floor): A detailed emphasis is given to entrance door and partition. A combination of brass and wood with circular forms engraved on the door give the vestibule a modern touch. A detailed emphasis is given to entrance door and partition. A combination of brass and wood with circular forms engraved on the door give the vestibule a modern touch. A detailed emphasis is given to entrance door and partition. A combination of brass and wood with circular forms engraved on the door give the vestibule a modern touch.The customized wooden partition creates transparency yet protects the privacy of the house arousing curiosity for the viewer. Drawing Room (Ground Floor): The drawing room is an amalgamation of vibrant colors reflecting happiness. The customized sofa, wall murals, paintings and ceiling blend all together and give fresh feeling in the room. The customized circular mirrors break the monotony of the space making it interesting and lively. Living Room (Ground Floor): A calm yet vibrant ambience is the essence of this modern interior. From grays to greens in the blink of an eye create a soothing environment. A traditional window design adds to the essence of the space, depicting earthy effect. The reflecting PU panels with mirror on either side add grandness to the space.Dining and Kitchen: Dining space offers a nice semi-private space linking to kitchen and drawing room. Shades of gray and wooden texture compliment very well. The chandelier at double height gives a feeling of grandness to the space while the small plants and palm leaves add life to the otherwise quiet dining space. Guest Bedroom (Ground Floor): A mix combination of colors like red, gray, white, green and brown gives the room a modern touch. This room serves as a tranquil yet fresh and vibrant area to spend time. A beautiful painting on the wall merging with the overall theme of the room imparts a positive energy. Staircase: Stone staircase which connects the floors looking simple but very comfortable with light inside trade having glass railing with wooden hand rill.Lounge Area (First Floor): The lounge area reflects a mixture of color palette. The gray and brown tones make the space calm while the blue and magenta tones add a different charm. The intricately designed chandelier at double height with wooden ceiling gives a feeling of grandness and life to the space. Master Bedroom (First Floor): Master bedroom has modern interiors with color palette of gray, white and brown. A little tint of royal pink enhances the room and makes it lively and relaxing. Perfect contrast of light and dark shades is seen. Appropriate use of artifacts complements the interiors and creates a beautiful ambience. Son's Bedroom (First Floor): The bedroom serves varied color palette of turquoise, gray, white and brown. The use of cool color scheme adds different charm and comfort to the space. The room is spacious yet well-planned. The stylish and cozy seating besides bed enhances the beauty of the space.Guest Bedroom (First Floor): A subtle color palette of shades of gray and white is used for the room. Use of wood adds to the richness of the space. Minimal use of furniture, artifacts and wise selection of materials creates a sophisticated ambience. Son's Bedroom (Second Floor): The bedroom has a welcoming minimal yet bold interior with customized cozy seating. The thin line of lighting catches one's eye, showing continuity from ceiling to the floor. A perfect combination of "whites" and "blacks" through "grays" create an amazing contrasting space.Home Theater (Second Floor): The home theater is a spacious, comfortable and cozy space. A mix color scheme of warm and cool colors marks the uniqueness of the home theater. The wall painting in the background blends the interiors. The wooden texture and white color gives a royal feeling. Terrace (Second Floor): The landscape and stone flooring marks exact contrast in the terrace design. A statue of Buddha and bright crimson pergolas depict amalgamation of calmness and vibrancy. A simple seating under the pergolas is enhanced by the light penetrating from the gaps. A decent play of light and shadows creates a fresh and relaxing space.