Text description provided by the architects. Cheongdam located in the center of Seoul Korea is well known for its status and quality. STRX team, hence, have collectively decided that Cheongdam would be an ideal place for our fourth installment of the Upperhouse Project. Befitted with the region, we have devoted ourselves to every detail not only in each unit but also in other facilities. Upperhouse is surrounded by a 6 million m² wide Cheongdam-Park along the East. Thus, we built a wide yard in the South and sunken garden in the North to reflect the vast natural atmosphere allowing the dwellers to feel the nature even from the basement.A natural scenery of Cheongdam-Park is captured through the various size of frame for the certain units. In order to enhance privacy and landscaping, we plant tall trees in the terrace leading the viewer's eye into a more calming state. Our team selected clay bricks for both interior walls and exterior of the house so that the building can stand sturdy and control thermal insulation. As a special hardware system in bricks has thickened the depth from a frame to an exterior ﬁnish wall, we could block the outside eyes promoting private environment. We also used various techniques of laying bricks such as custom bond, vertical stack bond, and hit-and-miss brickwork for each ﬂoor, creating unique texture and sense of color in respect to the direction of the sun.Utilizing clay bricks fulfills both aesthetic and technical strengths of the house as well as promoting sustainability by consuming less energy. Contrast to the grey tone bricks, the light beige colored façade entrance of a stone material leads to the long path, giving the direction to the inside with a gold hardware and minimal lighting. About 500m² scale of the basement communal area includes gallery lounge, private dining space, and boutique gym. Upperhouse Cheongdam consists of three Garden-Types with private gardens at the ground level, three Pent-Types with terraces on the top, and 12 Typical-Types. The building occupies the most effective floor space index within the expensive urban center. While putting the maximized distance apart from each preexisting apartment on North and South, each unit has become a square-shape leaving a space where the natural light doesn’t reach.However, this structural part is covered through a wooden texture wall with indirect lighting that gradually lead to a bright space. Standard model of Typical-Types has four rooms, and the master dress-room area can be expanded or become a new personal space. Living-dining area has a whole-glass window and integrated wooden walls. There are hidden folding doors with a buried handle on each wooden wall for entering into kitchen and master zone. We designed the area to be flexibly closed through wooden walls and opened through hidden doors as occasion demands. All Garden-Types and Pent-Types are multi-stories. Their stairs, floor zoning, and design concept are built based on the residents’ requests. Furthermore, we landscaped 6-unit’s terrace and garden, and interiors have been filled with customized furniture and object.