Text description provided by the architects. HL Building is a commercial building located in Bintaro District, an area where business, residential complex, and education facilities meet and create a bustling life. The building is divided into three areas intended to be a place for people to hangout and relax with good food and atmosphere. It houses two establishments:  coffee shop and gelato café.The use of white brick for the façade was inspired by the Italian concept in the beginning. White walls make this building blends with the surrounding residential complex, but still gives a different impression from other buildings. Big windows allow natural light to brighten up the building during daylight. For the interior, BASIO balances exposed materials such as steel with the paint. The ramp usage also gives the modern and sleek look. To add more details, even though the ramp is made from steel, the architect decided to make the ramp to look transparent so it removed the image of heavy steel. At night, the ramp will lighten up by the lamps, and it makes the are livelier. The ramp has another function, that is to connect every floor and let the customers to be in ease as well as comfortable to reach another floor above or below.Since the beginning of the planning process, the 3-floor building is always intended to house two different vendors. BASIO was also in charge with both vendors’ interior design. Therefore, it is easier to create experience for those who visit the building. The coffee shop is open since morning to cater breakfast and coffee-lovers, while the gelato café is open around noon for lunch time and small snacks. The rooftop area is one of the highlights of HL Building, as it gives space for people to gather whether for casual chat or private gathering during afternoon until evening. Located on the third floor, the rooftop is a place to sit back and relax after long hours at work or on the weekend. The customers may enjoy the open air freely, so as not to disturb the residential area next to HL Building.